All right, so our mission was to get
comfortable with the timer and interval,
I think we're all pros at this point.
And then the idea of subscribing,
unsubscribing to observables.
Now, we talked about this before
we led into this which is,
we're gonna have to do things
like store the observable,
kind of in the module scope,
kinda like the global scope,
because we don't have the tools
to kind of start and stop.
I talked a big game with generators,
which kind of this is in this case, right?
Generating a number at a regular interval,
and again, we can start, we can stop, and
we can skip, and we can switch
between them, we can do all that.
Again, we have not put that all
together in our tool set yet.
So our goal right now is just to get
comfortable subscribing, unsubscribing,
dealing with the idea that we
could have events coming from
our stream of observable bands coming
from a button, setting all that up.
And then we'll begin to kind of refine
it and refactor it as we go along.
So here we have a basic counter.
And what we wanna do is start by
basically listening to stuff on that.
We wanna subscribe to events
that come from Start button,
we wanna subscribe to events
that come from the Pause button.
So in this case, we will say, Start,
Subscribe, I'll pass that in a function,
and
in this case, we will go ahead and
we'll create one up here.
And we'll say when we, go ahead and
we start, we'll set the interval.
And we'll subscribe to it as well.
And in this case, we're going to call
setCount and we need the dollar sign.
And here, well, we'll actually
make an interval in this case.
I will subscribe to it.
And when they hit the Pause button,
We'll go ahead and we will,
Right, and so
we should have that in place.
And now we have this and
let's go ahead and let's try it out, and
it iterates every second.
Now we can pause it.
And it starts over cuz we
get a brand new observable,
each time we're creating a new interval
observable, it starts in the same place.
Now, this in this case is technically
our subscription because this is
creating the observable, and
we have Subscribe up here, right?
So really, what we could do is say,
I want one observable.
And then we'll store the subscription.
And so, take the same observable, And
we'll subscribe and unsubscribe from it.
And it feels a little weird with the fact
that we're storing this up here,
but it's also not totally dissimilar
from the thing we might store.
We might hold on to a subscription when
React mounts that component we might
subscribe, when the component is about to
unmount, we might unsubscribe from it.
Use of fact,
Angular has built-in syntax for this,
will wrap it slightly to get it to both
subscribe and unsubscribe as well.
And we've got the subscription, now it'd
be great if we could actually kind of just
take the different events
coming from the buttons and
handle this all internally
in our observable stream.
We're not totally there yet, but we should
be able to do it not too long from now.